# UTM-Course-Registration-System
The **UTM Course Registration System** is developed to ease the process of course registration in Universiti Teknologi Malaysia (UTM). The course registration system has been designed to be user friendly to make the user easy to navigate around the system according to their needs. Lecturers and students are the main users that will be focused in this project. There are a few data structure concepts applied to accomplish the course registration system which are as follows:
 1. **_Queue_** - enqueue, update course information
 2. _**Linked List**_ - add students’ details, add courses’ details, display course list, search course, delete course
 3. **_Stack_** - push (add) registration, pop (remove) registration

This system is able to manage the registration process and store registration information that is keyed in by the user. **Lecturers** are given eight options in the ‘**_Lecturer Menu_**’; **_add course_**, **_delete course_**, _**search for course**_, _**display the course list available**_, _**update course information**_, _**display student registration information**_ if there is any registered student, delete student registration information and return to the user menu. On the other hand, **students** are given four options. They can _**view the course offered**_, **_register for courses and view lecturer information_**, while the last option is the same as the lecturer option which is to return to the user menu. The options given to lecturers and students are the features that can be performed in the UTM Course Registration System using the data structure concepts mentioned above.
